give me your hands I don't even do this
anymore your brother I'm telling he's
just like he's really for you either why
are you doing this for a while had an
office a website newspaper articles even
had a book written about him it's what I
couldn't cope son Oh hon stuff high sku
a question the job I had before I was as
a psychic work what do you think happens
when we die
I recognize you you're that psychic I
have news for you I don't do it I wish
before I give you my word I won't tell
anyone give a duty to do it you have a
gift it's not a gift Billy it's a curse
the things you experienced that
everything I had I lost
if you're worried about being on your
own don't be you're not
hereafter